prepare for episode release (#127)
rustacean-station/rustacean-station.org: _episodes/057-nick-mathewson.md

---
title: "Tor with Nick Mathewson"

> date: 2022-03-04T22:40:00Z

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2022-03-04T16:30:00Z
```

file: https://audio.rustacean-station.org/file/rustacean-station/rustacean-station-e057-nick-mathewson.mp3
duration: "01:07:27"
length: "64767372"
#reddit: (leave blank on initial publish, amend with link and uncomment this line after Reddit thread has been posted)
---

> Allen Wyma talks with [Nick Mathewson](http://www.wangafu.net/~nickm/), one of the creators of [Tor Project](https://www.torproject.org/). Tor Project is free and open-source software for enabling anonymous communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allen Wyma talks with [Nick Mathewson](http://www.wangafu.net/~nickm/), one of the creators of [Tor Project](https://www.torproject.org/). Tor is free and open-source software for enabling anonymous communication.
```

## Contributing to Rustacean Station

Rustacean Station is a community project; get in touch with us if you'd like to suggest an idea for an episode or offer your services as a host or audio editor!

- Twitter: [@rustaceanfm](https://twitter.com/rustaceanfm)
- Discord: [Rustacean Station](https://discord.gg/cHc3Gyc)
- Github: [@rustacean-station](https://github.com/rustacean-station/)
- Email: [hello@rustacean-station.org](mailto:hello@rustacean-station.org)

## Timestamps 

> - [@0:39] - Nick's Bio & TOR Project Introduction

Reviewer: I _think_ it's just "Tor" (not "TOR")?

> - [@2:33] - Deeper dive into TOR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@2:33] - Deeper dive into Tor
```

- [@8:07] - Advantage of Rust over C when trying to bring stronger privacy to internet.

> - [@21:44] - The History of TOR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@21:44] - The History of Tor
```

> - [@8:07] - Advantage of Rust vs C Language when it comes to experiments on trying to bring stronger privacy to internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@8:07] - Advantage of Rust over C when trying to bring stronger privacy to internet.
```

> - [@26:02] - How does TOR stay in business despite being a free service?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@26:02] - How does Tor stay in business despite being a free service?
```

- [@28:11] - What is Onion Routing and how does it work at a high level?

> - [@38:54] - TOR Browser vs other browsers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@38:54] - The Tor Browser
```

> - [@42:14] - Advise on how to maintain anonymous online

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@42:14] - Advise on how to maintain anonymity online
```
